And amen.
If you could open your Bibles to the book of Philippians chapter 1, we're going to start at verse 19.
But before I go there, as I was preparing this message, you know, God always, always to the last minute with me, I'd be like, Lord, why?
but amen, he just waits on the last minute.
I'm praying and I'm seeking his face and then I'll type something up and that ain't it and then I'll type something else up and that's not it, glory to God.
So he does his download when he is ready because he is God, glory to God.
But as I was preparing, this song came on my heart and Cynthia used to sing this song.
It won't always, I'm not gonna sing it really good.
So y'all know Psalms 100, make a joy for Norris, that is me okay?
So this regard the tone and the lack of tone and all that kind of stuff and all the different keys I'm a singing as I say this, okay?
But she used to sing this song.
It won't always be like this.
Was it her a Reuben?
It was you, right?
Because I was like, was it Reuben or was it her?
You know, the Lord will perfect that concerning me.
And sooner or later,
It'll turn in my favor.
Things are turning around for me.
I'm gonna say that again.
It won't always
Be like the Cynthia singing for me.
The Lord will perfect that concerning me.
Sooner or later, it'll turn in my favor.
Things are turning around for me.
Don't bother me today.
It won't always be like this.
The Lord will perfect at concerning me.
Sooner or later, it'll turn in my favor.
Things are turning around for me.
Glory to God, glory to God, glory to God, glory to God.
I don't know what you're going through this morning, and I don't know what you're confronted with in 2024, but I know I heard the word of the Lord.
And the title of this message is, I know this is gonna turn.
I know this is gonna turn.
Hey, it might not look like that to my neighbor or the people looking at my life, but I know this.
This right here is gonna turn, glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Let's go to the book of Philippians chapter one verse number 19 and it says this.
God.
Oh, somebody taking that this morning.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
I know this is going to turn.
Glory to God.
Paul said this in the book of Philippians chapter one starting at verse number 19.
It says, for I know that this shall turn to my salvation.
through your prayer and the supply of the spirit of Jesus Christ, according to my earnest expectation and my hope that in nothing I shall be ashamed.
But that would all bonus as always.
So now also Christ shall be magnified in my body, whether I be of whether it be by life or by death.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
So Paul said, for I know,
Paul wasn't guessing, he wasn't worried, he wasn't concerned, he wasn't fearful or in agitation about anything.
Paul had a personal and intimate relationship with Jesus Christ, glory to God.
And when you got a personal and intimate relationship with Jesus Christ, glory to God, you know that things are gonna turn and they're gonna turn in your favor.
No matter how difficult the situation, no matter how hard life has been, no matter how the storms have been coming against your
When you got a relationship, when you're connected to the vine, glory to God.
You know there's some things that are going in your life.
Those things are going to turn glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Things are turning around for me.
So you got to understand where Paul was.
Paul was in prison and he was writing this letter to us in prison.
If you know anything about the book of Philippians, it's considered the book of joy.
Glory to God.
Now, how many people?
He was locked up in prison.
Glory to God for something.
Hallelujah.
And his imprisonment was just basically because he was preaching the word.
Come on, somebody.
So he's locked up in prison, and he's riding this letter, and he is left for dead.
But Paul said, I ain't worried about this.
Come on, somebody.
I know this thing's gonna turn.
So I don't know what you stepped out of 2023 with, and I don't know what's been going on in the first 14 days of 2024.
But I do know a God that is able to turn some things around in your life, glory to God.
Hey, glory, hallelujah.
I know this is gonna turn
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
See the reason that some people get into fear and doubt and unbelief is because of where you are right now.
You think that's the end of it.
The enemy has convinced us that this is the end, that our God ain't got no power, that God can't shift this thing, that God can't change things regarding your children, that God can't change things regarding your marriage, and God can't change things regarding your finances.
Come on, somebody, are you hearing me this morning?
That God can't change things, no, regarding your spouse, glory to God.
So he has convinced us that this is the end, and there is no more glory to God.
But I'm telling you, when I was meditating on this, glory to God,
When I was laying out some things before God, and I was like, God, is it gonna be like this?
Is this it?
That's all you got?
And God said, next chapter.
See, when you think the book is ended,
When you think everything is over, God is speaking to you this morning and letting you know next chapter, glory to God.
Because when you turn the page, something different can happen.
When you turn the page, some things can change.
When you turn the page, some things can turn around, glory to God.
Hallelujah, have you ever been watching a movie?
You own Netflix or wherever, you go to the movie theater, you watching a movie, and then it gets to the end and credit start rolling.
People are like, wait a minute.
What, what?
I know they lying.
I know something coming back on, you know, with the Marvel movies, they in and then they begin again.
And you watching it, you're like, I know they lying.
I know this movie didn't just end like this.
And then you go to another movie.
I was watching a Black Panther.
And you know how to tell her he was in battle.
And when he was in battle, it looked like things were going to be over.
And it wasn't in Baku or whoever it was.
Yeah, he was right in Baku.
And in Baku had the best of him.
He knocking him upside the head and everything.
And to chill like he ain't got no more strength in his body.
Then he heard his mother say, show them who you are.
And he remembered who he was.
And things changed.
right there in that circumstance where he was down and out for the count.
He got energy and he got strength on the inside of him and that whole scenario changed.
And he had Baku in the head locker in the foot locker in the body like glory to God.
Things turned around, glory to God.
So I'm trying to tell you this morning.
This is not the end of your story in 2024.
This is not how it's going to go down.
And this is not how it's going to go.
How it's going to end, glory to God.
But God is telling us to stand and having
Don't understand, stand there for glory to God, hallelujah.
Stand knowing glory to God, hallelujah, that He will deliver you.
He will heal you.
He's the God of your breakthrough and He's the God of your turnaround.
Glory to God are you hearing me this morning, hallelujah.
He is the God of your salvation.
Hey.
So He wants you to stop worrying and taking matters into your own hands.
and wait with confidence for God to move on your behalf.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
We waiting with confidence.
And if you waiting with confidence, that means you can praise him in the midst of the storm.
Glory to God.
That means you not just gonna stand there and take the blow and take the blow, glory to God.
You gonna be doing some things while you're waiting, glory to God, hallelujah.
You gonna release a praise, hallelujah.
That praise gets deep down on the inside of you, glory to God.
That praise is an expression of your faith in God, God, I believe you.
So I'm gonna sing this, God, I believe you.
You're turning things around for me, glory to God, hallelujah.
I remain in remembrance, hallelujah, glory to God.
You gonna sing some things and you gonna do
Some things, so I want to share with you what does that word turn mean?
It means this, to change the position so that what's on the underside becomes the upper side.
To change the order or disposition of a thing.
To become transformed.
To shift suddenly and violently when no apparent molars.
That's why that's like acceleration and suddenly, glory to God, hallelujah.
To shift suddenly and violently.
with no apparent motor.
See, God is about to shift things so quickly that by the time that you look up, you're gonna be wondering how God did it in your life.
Come on, somebody.
Hallelujah.
Some people have been standing and some people have been waiting.
Glory to God.
And wondering if God is going to come through.
I want to encourage you this morning that God is coming through and He's coming through for you.
Glory to God.
And all you'll be able to say is people are looking at you.
You know, people will be watching you.
And they said, bye.
It looked like she out for the countdown.
Bye.
This her last one.
This her last right.
Bye.
She can't come back from this, boy, the guy.
And as they are looking, God is moving on your behalf.
And when things turn around, glory to God.
When they look at you again, they're going to ask you, what happened?
How did you get here?
All you'll be able to say is, God did it.
God did it.
God healed.
God delivered.
God brought through.
Don't count me out.
I'm telling you, glory to God.
God did it.
Turn the things around and he's turning them in your favor.
Let's go back to Philippians 1 and 20.
Don't count them out.
Don't count your kids out.
Glory to God.
They may be looking like they're going the wrong way and it looks like, man, what is this God?
I'm standing and all of a sudden things change.
Glory to God.
Don't count them out.
Hey, your confidence remains in God, no matter what you're going through, no matter what it is, no matter what the enemy is throwing at you, glory to God.
Your confidence and your standing is in God and God, only glory to God.
There are people in here crying out for their children, standing on the word, glory to God.
I'm encouraging you today, glory to God.
No matter how it looks, hallelujah, no matter what they're doing, you know your kids can embarrass you straight up.
Don't the Bible say when a child is left to himself, he bring his mother to, I say, I not keep asking God, you're gonna have to explain that one to me.
What about his father?
They bring his mother to shame.
My God, and sometimes our kids do things and you be like, my God.
But as you say, my God, you get up and you praise and you stand and you speak and you command glory to God.
Philippians 1 and 20 says according to my earnest expectation and my hope that in nothing I shall be ashamed but that with all blueness as always now also Christ shall be magnified in my body whether it be by life or death I'm telling you Paul wouldn't play in glory to God he said according to my earnest expectation and my hope see the word hope in there is not wishing
It means expectation.
So according to my expectation, my expectation, glory to God.
And I'm expecting things to turn around.
Remember, evangelist Tim Story taught us about when you expecting something, it's like standing at the bus stop and you looking, you know, when you at the bus stop, you always putting your head out, you looking for the next safari, or the vitram, whatever it may be, glory to God.
And you waiting on it, you don't just stand there under the shed doing nothing.
No, you looking to make sure something is coming, glory to God.
expectation.
That's what you do.
You got your next stressed out.
I'm expecting and I'm expecting and I'm expecting and I call it forth today.
I'm expecting this thing to turn around and turn around on my behalf.
Glory to God.
I got a question for you today.
What are you expecting God to do for you in 2024?
What are you expecting God to turn around in 2024?
What are you expecting God to break through in your life?
Oh, glory to God in 2024.
The Bible does this in that Hebrews 11, 6.
It says, now faith is the substance of things hoped for.
And the evidence of things not seen.
And it says, without faith, it is impossible to please God.
For those that come to God must believe that He is, and that He's a rewarder of them, that diligently seek Him.
Now, now, if you diligently seek Him, God,
You ain't giving up.
You're not caving in and you ain't quitting glory to God.
Hallelujah.
You're going to the throne of grace.
And you're proclaiming away God.
You said God.
You said.
Hey.
Glory to God, hallelujah.
You should have a living expectation, glory to God.
I'm expecting a move of God in our church like never before.
I'm expecting revival to break out.
Hallelujah from these headquarters right here throughout the island.
Glory to God because we're standing and we're praying glory to God.
According to the word, I'm expecting God to move glory to God.
I'm expecting favor and blessing glory to God.
Financial increase in revelation and
understanding and knowledge I got a living expectation glory to God hallelujah and I know this according to Proverbs 23 and 18 for surely there's an end in thine expectation shall not be cut off I got an expectation glory to God and my expectation will not be cut off
That idea of being cut off is like severing.
It's severing abruptly and terminating.
That's not our God, glory to God.
So this word, it comes from a Greek word, carrot, then I can give it to them.
But this word implies a positive outcome or assurance.
that what has been promised will come to pass.
So my expectation won't be cut off, but what has been promised to me will surely come to pass.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Somebody need to give God praise right there.
For whatever you believe in God for, I'm giving you praise right here, God.
For it's your surely.
God said it.
It's your surely come to pass.
Let's go to the book of Romans chapter four, verse number 19.
Whoa.
Glory, glory, glory.
Whoa, hey, glory.
Somebody needs to get excited in the house this morning.
Whoa, you need to turn your faith up.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Glory, glory, glory.
We're almost 419 and it says this, and being not weak in faith, talking about Abraham, he considered not his own body now dead.
Well, he was about a hundred years old.
Neither yet the deadness of Sarah's womb.
So God goes to them when they old and he changes their name from Abraham and Sarah to Sarah's.
And not only did he change their name, God had given them a promise.
And the Bible says that their body was dead.
Wasn't living.
What nothing active couldn't produce.
And she couldn't even hold a seed.
Come on somebody.
But God had made them a promise.
What do you do when God makes a promise to a dead thing?
When God makes a promise to a dead thing, glory to God.
What do you do, glory to God?
Hallelujah.
Romans 4, 20 says this.
He's staggered talking about Abraham.
Not at the promise of God through unbelief, but he was strong in faith.
giving glory to God.
Somebody needs to be in strong and faith this morning and not stagger when you stagger it.
You wavering back and forth.
I don't know if he going to do it.
Is he going to come through?
Oh my God.
I keep looking at the same thing over and over again.
It ain't nothing changed.
It's still saying the same thing already God.
It's going to lay me off.
Oh my God.
What I'm going to do?
Uh-uh.
The Bible says he didn't stagger.
He didn't waver at the promise of God.
But he was strong in faith.
How do you get
Wrong in faith, glory to God.
That means you keep that work coming in 24-7.
That means you blocking out all those other distractions.
Do you know some people can be a distraction to you about if you sharing your faith with somebody and they don't believe like you, they can become literally a distraction to you.
And they try to discourage you regarding your faith.
Well, you believe in God for that?
Do you really think God said that?
Do you really believe God's gonna come through?
Yes, I do most.
Certainly, I know my God.
Now I'm going to read that verse number 420 from the new living translation and it says this, but Abraham never doubted.
He believed God for his faith and trust grew even stronger and he prays God for this blessing even before it happened.
See, that's our position.
Sometimes we are waiting until something happens.
But before it happened, God is expecting us to rise up and to give him praise.
To give him glory.
He said, even before it happened, Abraham began to praise God.
Is anybody able to praise God before they even see the physical evidence of what he has promised you?
Is anybody able to praise God before that situation turns around?
Is anybody able to praise God when your body is wrecked with pain?
Come on, somebody.
Is anybody able to praise God when you get this diagnosis and it goes against the word of God?
Is anybody able to praise God?
Come on, somebody.
When you're living in a loveless house is dead.
It's dead.
He don't want to sleep with you and you don't want to sleep with him.
Y'all laughing.
Oh, Lord.
Oh, they say, oh, Lord, oh, Lord.
Now that one might be a little tough man to say, but all Lord.
In the most difficult circumstances,
Remember, his body was dead and our womb was dead.
We got dead and dead coming together.
Nothing from nothing leaves nothing.
The only thing that, the only thing they had is that they were strong in face and they was giving glory to God.
Hallelujah, and God took that nothing from nothing and he made something.
Somebody, hey!
Glory to God, hey!
Verse number 21 says, and being fully persuaded that what he had promised
He was also able to perform glory to God.
I know I got some people in here that are fully persuaded, not halfway, not just a little bit glory to God.
They ain't living on E and A in the middle glory to God, but they are fully persuaded that this is their year and they're gonna receive the more and more and more and they're gonna have increased knowledge and understanding and revelation and their health's gonna spring for us right now.
I'm increasing more and more.
In knowledge and understanding, I'm progressing and advancing.
It may not look like to you, but boy am I moving, glory to God.
In the realm of the Spirit, hallelujah.
And what I see in the Spirit, you gonna see in the natural glory to God.
Hey, come on somebody.
If you stay hooked up, if you stay connected to God, and you don't move.
Hey, glory, glory, glory, glory.
That's a praise right there.
I am fully persuaded regarding my son, Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
How did Abraham do this?
Because he was fully persuaded that what God had promised, he was able to perform a glory to God.
Glory to God.
But God promised.
What God promised.
When I was in the secret place.
When I was laying out before him.
What God promised.
When I was praying glory to God.
In his word, glory to God.
He is surely able to perform at glory to God.
To bring it to pass in my life.
Somebody's attorney and neighbor encouraged him.
Say, God is going to do exactly what he said he's going to do.
Find another neighbor and tell them.
Look behind you and tell them to.
Now somebody encourage me this morning.
Hey, glory to God, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah.
When you know that it's your time and things are turning around, it doesn't matter what's not been working.
You know that it does not have any other choice but to change.
There's nothing in your life that's going to be obsolete in 2024.
I come against every hindering spirit right now.
Every dead thing in your life.
And I'm commanded right now to live.
In the name of Jesus, I'm commanding your bones and your joints.
I'm commanding your muscles and your tissue to live this morning.
Your ears and your eyes and your liver and your gallbladder.
Your lungs and your kidneys.
Come on, somebody.
Live.
Glory to God.
Brain functions.
Live.
Total recall.
that bank account live.
How dare you tell me zero, zero, zero, live.
I speak to everything that I have and everything that's attached to me and I command it to live.
Somebody needs to speak that this morning.
Somebody needs to command some things in their life that have died.
Some things that have you thrown in the tower about the glory of the God, command it to live this morning in the name and into your authority of Jesus.
Glory to God.
What we say things are turning around.
Yay.
While I'm sitting in the sanctuary this morning, things are, whoa, as I stand up and praise and confess the words, things are, whoa, glory.
Let's go to Philippians 1 and 20.
Paul said again, according to my earnest expectation, my hope that in nothing I shall be ashamed.
You need, you're not leaving out of 24 empty handed glory to God in nothing.
You shall be ashamed.
Glory to God.
You ain't gonna be embarrassed in this season.
Not at all.
Glory to God.
Even if you made some missteps then maybe there's some failures in your life from 2023.
No matter that not in this year, nah buddy.
And nothing I shall be ashamed.
I said 61 and 7 says this.
For your shame, you shall have double.
And for confusion, they shall rejoice in their portion.
Therefore, in their land, they shall possess the double everlasting joy shall be unto them.
Glory to God.
One of the first thing bishops said we should expect this year is an increase in joy.
The Bible tells us in the book of Nehemiah, 18, that the joy of the Lord is our strength.
So this year we gotta keep our joy tanked up glory to God.
No matter what it looks like, no matter how it sounds, no matter the same things are going down here.
Come on, somebody, I got the joy of the Lord.
We used to sing this song.
The joy of the Lord is my strength.
That gotta be on my toe this year.
I'm keeping and I'm maintaining my joy, glory to God.
God said you're getting a double for shame, for the trouble.
You're getting a double, glory to God.
Glory to God, glory to God.
Sometimes we get a little bit too churchy on things.
Isn't that true?
Get a little too churchy.
And we need to dig in in this season.
Not just this month of prayer, come on somebody.
We need to dig in on our personal prayer time.
We need to dig in our worship time and our praise time and in our work time, glory to God.
We need to be digging in, glory to God.
Don't you know in Isaiah 59 and one that says this, surely the arm of the Lord is not short to save, nor is ill, dear, dull to hear.
God has a power and ability to reach out and deliver you from any situation.
Deliver your children out of any situation.
Deliver you from any circumstance.
And in this season, I'm waiting on God.
I'm not waiting.
I'm not waiting on my circumstances to change.
I'm waiting on God and in the midst of that, I'm commanding some things to change in my life.
Glory to God.
I'm not gonna sit around and look at my kids and they act crazy.
I'm gonna mess in my marriage or my finances or my body.
I'm not sitting around and doing that.
Glory to God.
Since the Lily was praying yesterday and she was going in yesterday regarding prayer,
It was for youth and for children.
And since the Lily was going in, when she was praying in that bachelor's arrive, glory to God.
So if you need some encouragement regarding some words, you dig into that prayer, glory to God, hallelujah.
So I'm not gonna stand here and just let things happen in my life, glory to God.
I'm gonna command it to change in the name of Jesus.
Let's go to Matthew's chapter nine, verse 27.
Woo, glory to God, glory to God.
Somebody stay hooked up, stay encouraged this morning, glory to God.
We almost there.
I told you.
I ain't long went at that time.
Glory.
Glory to God.
Hey, Matthew chapter nine, verse number 27 and it says this.
And when Jesus departed this two blind men followed him crying and saying, thou son of David have mercy on us.
And when he had come into the house, the blind men came into him and Jesus said unto them, believe that I am able to do this.
Now, when I read the Bible, I stop and pause.
I be like, what a thing to say.
I'm blind.
And I came all the way here.
And I came in the house with you.
And you asked me, do I believe?
Because, see, it is about what you believe.
People, when you come to church, you are in the presence of the Almighty God.
At any time, your life can change.
But the thing is, do you really believe?
Woo!
Do you believe what God said?
Do you believe what God told you?
Verse 28 says, and when he had come into the house, the blind man came to him and said, says unto him, believe he that I am able to do this.
They said unto him, Yay, Lord.
What is your response?
Yay, Lord.
And when I was meditating this message, God brought back to me an incident in my family.
My brother, my younger brother, my younger brother is younger than me.
Only boy, spoiled riding.
Anyway, look, I'm a little salty.
No, I'm not.
Okay.
When he was younger, he got mixed up with the wrong people.
He was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
And he got arrested and put up for murder charges.
Now, I know right.
Now, at that time, we went into church like we is, no, we didn't know the turn to so-and-so and all that kind of stuff.
Now, when my momma tells the story, she says, Sherri, all I knew to do was to pray.
She didn't have the thieves or the thousand, the right place, but God knew her heart.
And she was believing God for the turnaround for my baby brother.
We were all standing for him.
Well, let me tell you all of a sudden,
Somebody who was at the scene of the crime, a girl stepped up on my brother's behalf.
And Trimlin is scared.
She came forth and told that my brother was not the one and he wasn't even in the vicinity of where this took, went down, where this person got killed or anything.
And my brother was let go.
because we think we allow the enemy to put our backs up against the wall and think that God can't do it.
And we didn't even have a whole handle on the word like that where we could go to this scripture, go to Colossians chapter two and the charges going, we ain't know none of that.
All we knew that there was a God in heaven and that my brother was locked up and he wasn't guilty.
And God,
Moved upon this girl's heart at the last minute.
Come on, somebody.
And that girl stepped up right on time.
And my brother was loose from them charges.
And let me tell you, from that day, his life ain't never been the same.
That was the one time you got a one time, you'll never get him again.
That boy did a whole 180 from that way on already gone.
Whole life changed, glory to God, hallelujah.
So it doesn't matter what it is.
Some people concerned about their sons in here.
I got a stun I'm standing for.
And by looks it don't look good.
But there is a guy.
And I'm praying and I'm standing, no matter what he does, no matter how it looks, come on somebody.
God is turning that thing around.
He's turning it around and he's turning it around and he's turning somebody standing for the children this morning glory to God.
And I'm here to encourage you and let you know that no matter if the enemy got them back against the wall, if they locked up in prison,
They might be in their own prison, dragged out and strung out.
Well, they might be with their own company.
Come on, somebody.
There is a guy who hears our cry.
We're going to go.
We're guarding our children.
And he hears you.
His hand is not short.
Come on, somebody.
His ears are not dull of hearing.
God hears you.
So keep standing on that word and keep standing on that promise.
Come on, somebody.
Don't give up on your sons and don't give up on your daughters.
I'm telling you, when the doors had closed on him, there's a hurtful thing for your mother to see your son, your only son locked up for a crime he didn't commit.
But God.
Somebody needs to be encouraged about their children this morning.
Hey, it ain't over.
It ain't over.
And even though the song says sooner or later, I'm saying right now it's turning in my favor.
Woo!
Remember the definition of turn is shift subtly and violently with no apparent motive.
That girl came out the woodworks.
And he was loosed.
My God.
Woo.
Clear of all charges.
It's turning around.
I'm telling you this morning.
It is turning around.
It's turning around while you're sitting in here this morning.
Some things are turning around.
Glory to God.
Glory to God is turning around.
Hey, I want to pray for you.
If you're standing for your sons or daughters, but I'm aiming for them sons.
Glory to God.
I want you to come down.
I want to pray for you real quick.